*: follow style guide for see also section (#16793)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/linux/virt-xml.md

`virt-xml {{domain}} --edit --boot bootmenu={{on|off}}`

> - Attach host USB hub to a running VM (See also: `lsusb`):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Attach host USB hub to a running VM (run `lsusb` to see a list of USB devices):
```

Author: But there is a lsusb tldr page. Wouldn't it be better to redirect users to the tldr page so they can learn about lsusb before using it?

Reviewer: Sure, does this work for you?
```suggestion
- Attach host USB hub to a running VM (run `lsusb` to see a list of USB devices with their IDs):
```
